Update macOS and iOS custom build documentation for training (#17223)
microsoft/onnxruntime: docs/build/custom.md

    python3 tools/ci_build/github/apple/build_and_assemble_ios_pods.py \
      --staging-dir /path/to/staging/dir \
      --include-ops-by-config /path/to/ops.config \
      --build-settings-file /path/to/build_settings.json \

>       --variant Training # only include this to build a Training Pod

Reviewer: maybe move this to a separate example command - see suggestion below

Reviewer: now that it is in a separate example command, don't need to have `--variant Training` here

>       --build-settings-file /path/to/build_settings.json \
>       --variant Training # only include this to build a Training Pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --build-settings-file /path/to/build_settings.json
```

    The reduced set of ops in the custom build is specified with the file provided to the `--include_ops_by_config` option. See the current op config used by the pre-built mobile package at [tools/ci_build/github/android/mobile_package.required_operators.config](https://github.com/microsoft/onnxruntime/blob/main/tools/ci_build/github/android/mobile_package.required_operators.config) (Android and iOS pre-built mobile packages share the same config file). You can use this file directly.

>     The default build does not include the Training APIs. To create a training package, add the `--variant Training` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The default package does not include the training APIs. To create a training package, add `--enable_training_apis` in the build options file provided to `--build-settings-file` and add the `--variant Training` option when calling `build_and_assemble_ios_pods.py`.
    
    For example:
    
    ```bash
    # /path/to/build_settings.json is a file that includes the `--enable_training_apis` option
    
    python3 tools/ci_build/github/apple/build_and_assemble_ios_pods.py \
      --staging-dir /path/to/staging/dir \
      --include-ops-by-config /path/to/ops.config \
      --build-settings-file /path/to/build_settings.json \
      --variant Training
    ```
```
